Hello friends, says and shows
gleborg and today I have a curious fight
on the map northwest if you looked
my video
recent and 50 m on this map where we
from the bottom of the spawn they asked for it successfully and
very quickly won then you know our
opinion about this card about
balance on arrest on this card
driven sapan sir
says that he for example does not even remember
when is the last time he's from the top resp
on this map, well, I won
In fact, I remember such a case one after
recent times
well here so we decided to Tighten
immediately the option that was
I showed video on and 50 but
actually on say here
Of course, everything is simplified a little by the fact that
the enemy does not have fast tanks well besides l
. There are no fast tanks which
we could meet here so we with
with fur we press immediately with our shots
by the gods here in this square not to
give the enemy a foothold tyazhem
respectively squared a2b 2 yes and
allow our guns and supporting
our strength to shoot us take forces
quietly the balcony here on line beta of
35 according to our illumination actually i
I prefer to mainly borrow here
from there if
to occupy it on both lines
on top yes the same as the upper route
how little leaves options for
a waste case of something but here in my me
persuaded but in principle from the batch
fast enough fast tank to and
the bottom slips this pros like me
and said at the enemy with wheelbarrows
not very good in this fight well and here is our
our plan was a success we are here enough
it was easy to consolidate here we see that in
principle is not enough that we are with the stage
so lucky we have we no matter how it
funny we were in terms of the planet I have
in view of the plus, we still have a serious one
why am I shooting 50b in the hull
never do that i think everything
starting to shoot at the tower that's based on
this fight looms enough
what a bright picture on the subject of what
balance of those or other risks on the card
yes it depends not only good luck or
unsuccessful movement there hands movement
mouse map what matter there or
come to this business he still depends very much
much here
setups commands that is so pretty
complicated topic so I will not be on now
medium-strong spread on general
the easiest example of this is yes
mines in which if you do not have experience
which are able to take
and quickly a hill then most likely you will
In this about and very hard here such
same situation the enemy has no place and they
lose direction despite being
that here from me by all means trying
to shower
and the 50th shot even leaned out to me
shoot from art I get but even
such a hunt for mother success to the enemy is not
brings strands which are tightened here
although, in principle, not necessarily
there was so much power to come here
tyazh were in such a vulnerable
position and gift and under the chamber with
balcony and under our shots well and we
here with fur
we leave seeking fiqh them of course
arranges for me they hindrance to find how
it still says to me these delicious
french rolls this delicious
French where is burgo and stay
very small loads JP but
no less our plan is absolutely 100
percent succeeded we pursed the enemy and
just shot from both sides
tyazh that were here there is such
small question to be if
for example tyazh went on a bottom on they on
the top, then there would be a possible option all
goes as e100 for example if seven
there and 5 spain favor tried us
somehow resist but i think that
even in this case it would be easier for us than
if we had not taken this corner there was
would still be easier in this case rods
cope because too we could with
two sides how do you throw though all
I have a little question to see
maybe someday this will come out
fight when we take the corner of the stretch on the bottom
under stretch well and in general while we are here
crushed as we see on the other flank
Our competently notice defile
direction and if you noticed
then at the beginning of the battle the player on the tree recognized us
wrote us fry water matter i think
that the mission is fully accomplished
I rushed forward here at all
a bit hp and i decided to try first
kill the waffle then I realized that it is not
I have time in the end did not have time for some third
nick seven not map
but on the other hand, and Kirkorov too
so I didn’t want to be in this fight
bayonet best i'm a little bit here about
fame soil you ends friends not
I will show you the results because
that basically nothing outstanding
I did not show here and how
frags distribution i think you see
it's great that our whole team played
very good
clearly quality otzharili so to speak
enemy team on this for today all
Thanks for watching you was Gleb
good luck in battles and until next time